who are the Israelis on the front line
trying to destroy Hamas I spent the day
with one artillery unit near the border
with Gaza as they await new orders to
fight it's a feature of war that
soldiers spend a lot of time waiting
around it's 99% bordedom 1% sheer
Terror Shir who turned 20 years old last
Saturday is behind the wheel of of a
30ton
truck there's a lull in her delivery of
rockets to Frontline Israeli Defense
Force units targeting
Gaza so what are your family's thoughts
now that you're here gaza's just 2
kilometers that way and they're very
proud they
know that we fighting for our country
and this is our place we don't
have and another place to
go that sentiment is at the heart of
Israel's response to what Hamas
did the sense that the country needs to
be saved armir is a sergeant in this
artillery unit I I never been to war I'm
I'm 20 years old and I I I didn't really
believe that I will go to war is there
an element of Revenge involved no not
Revenge um I wouldn't say Revenge sure
um if I wouldn't be there to stop them
they will just continue they will go to
my house uh I live in the center of
Israel and uh if if I wouldn't be there
to stop them well they'll come to my
family and so Gaza is
pounded day after day we watch as the
territory Burns and smolders a lone
flare possibly helping to direct air
strikes no one in the artillery unit
wanted to talk on the record about the
civilians who were dying Beyond the
Horizon over there in Gaza but one man
did say that innocent people would lose
their lives because of the way Hamas is
fighting this
war the Israeli military released this
video of their troops on the ground in
Gaza discovering what they say is a
Hamas rocket launching site in Boy
Scouts
allall but so many are dying in Gaza who
have nothing to do with the hamus
attacks one month
ago back at the artillery unit Galia
from Jerusalem expresses the hope of all
Israelis that this battle will be the
last battle for a country surrounded by
enemies it's a constant state of War
here we never really feel a 100%
safe and uh I hope you will
change and
tonight Israeli artillery flares light
up possible Targets in Gaza coming way
then a few minutes
later a rocket fired from Gaza heading
towards us the flash an Israeli air
defense missile destroying the
rocket
and later Small Arms fire rings out as
Israeli troops head for the hammer
stronghold of Gaza
City and I can tell you the thud of
artillery going out towards Gaza has
been constant uh throughout the last few
minutes and one loud explosion we heard
just a couple of seconds ago well dozens
of people have been reported killed in
the most recent air strikes in southern
Gaza 3/4s of gin and now living in the
south after many were asked to leave the
north by the Israeli military our
correspondent yoga Ali in Jerusalem has
been working with freelance journalists
in the territory filming for the BBC to
tell their stories you may find her
report
distressing gaza's Southern Edge a
so-called safer area not safe today from
the scores of bombs dropped every day
there's someone alive in there a man
shouts the air smells of smoke of dust
and
blood so many of the dead and injured
are
children 12-year-old yazan alud was in
his home when it was
hit you're a man you're strong a doctor
tries to reassure
him I want to see my mother he
replies another child a girl is brought
in by a
rescuer severely injured she's separated
from her
family outside a woman looking for her
child our neighbor's house was bombed
and my daughter was in it
even our house was destroyed there's
nothing left says R
alund our cameraman showed her this
video raana identified her 7-year-old
girl
mea she was moved from this hospital we
don't know if they found each
other hundreds of thousands fled the
North after warnings from Israel
many families walking for Miles crowding
into the
South a school provides fragile
shelter just 3 L of water for each
person for all needs per day the UN says
Israel denies there's a humanitarian
crisis it's hard enough to live here
under the constant sound and threat of
bombardment sabrin Abu amra is the new
mother of her 7-e old
child there's been no bread for her to
eat for 5 days she can't breastfeed her
son I gave birth during the war in
circumstances only God knows about what
has this one we old child done to be
starved of milk how is he to be blamed
for being born in this situation he's
falling sick because he isn't adequately
fed there's no way out for most people
in
Gaza and there's nowhere left to
run yog BBC News jerus